{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Republic of Unagina Delver Team 13 Audio Log, H-03:53:52.818)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: So, Rook, you understand what this colony is, right?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rookie: Yeah, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an old human colony we want to clear out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: Right. They called it Raleigh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Grove. But the humans are gone already, so don\u8217\'92t worry about that. You know your job, right?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rookie: I-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: It wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hurt for me to review. You\u8217\'92re going in to take out the main Intruder Countermeasure Electronics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rookie: ICE.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: Right. This colony in particular had a nasty Wumpus-class active ICE.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rookie: Wumpus?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an old human reference or something. Either way, you\u8217\'92re going to have to travel around the colony, determine which sector the Wumpus ICE is in, and send an Arrow-class scutter to destroy it before it destroys you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (silence)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not necessarily that bad. If you some how stumble across the sector with the Wumpus ICE, there\u8217\'92s a good chance it\u8217\'92ll be redeployed to a neighboring sector. The programmer considered it a sick game or something. There\u8217\'92s about 25% chance it\u8217\'92ll just destroy you straight up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rookie: OK, 25% I get rocked. Anything else?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: So the colony has a few other countermeasures. The sectors do not necessarily connect in a way that makes physical sense. Fairy Path ICE will transport you around to disorient you, or throw you into other ICE for them to kill you. Like a bat, they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do much on their own, but can drain you. The Crows\u8217\'92 Talons ICE will just rip you apart for the real crows to feast on. It\u8217\'92s the pits. You realize there is a serious chance of death here?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rookie: I knew that, chief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: I know. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just you\u8217\'92re not the first young buck to show up looking for citizenship unaware of the risk. Doesn\u8217\'92t help that your ICE sensors are pretty primitive. We\u8217\'92ve had to retrofit them from old human ones. It will tell you what ICE is in nearby sectors, but not which sectors in particular. Heck, it won\u8217\'92t even tell you if multiple sectors have the same ICE deployed in them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rookie: That seems less than helpful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: Use that big uplifted brain of yours, Rookie. My suggestion is to scope out the colony to get your bearings. Your HUD will mark sectors with a more memorable name as you uncover them. The number after the name though is important. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the official colony sector designation. They connect the same in all these Dodecahedron-type colonies with 20 sectors. If you remember the ones from your training, you can build a map pretty quickly. Once you have a bead on where the Wumpus is, send a scutter in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rookie: These programmable little critters?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: Well, we professionals call them drones, but yeah, you can act like a child getting a new pet with them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rookie: C\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92mon, chief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: I already told you I give no leeway. Get used to it. So yeah, the scutters. They can travel up to 5 sectors, in a direction programmed by you. If they come across the Wumpus ICE, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll disable it, and congrats, mission complete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (silence)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rookie: There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a catch, isn\u8217\'92t there?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: Yeah, once you send out a scutter, if it comes back to your sector, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re the one getting disabled. As in, killed. So once again, use that big uplifted brain of yours. If your program sends it a direction it can\u8217\'92t travel, it\u8217\'92ll just act randomly until it runs out of instructions, so watch out for that. It won\u8217\'92t be affected by other ICE, so that\u8217\'92s a relief. Though, if you miss, the Wumpus ICE will be redeployed to an adjacent sector 75% of the time. Also note that the Wumpus ICE can be redeployed to a room already containing other ICE. It takes priority.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (silence)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: And another thing. Run out of scutters, well, the Wumpus ICE will be free to find you, and congrats, mission over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rookie: And my life too, cool.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chiron: You get the picture. Twenty sectors, Two each of the Fairy Path and Crows\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 Talons ICE, one of the Wumpus ICE. Scutter the Wumpus. You have 5 chances. Good luck. Take some time to get used to your gear. We\u8217\'92ll be at the colony in 3 hours and\u8230\'85 47 minutes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}